README.md, before:

## MultiBit HD Maven

A Maven staging repository for use with automated build tools.

## DO NOT RELY ON THESE SNAPSHOTS FOR PRODUCTION !

These snapshots are not actively maintained beyond what Bitcoin Solutions developers need for their
immediate purposes. There is no guarantee which branch they were lifted from.

Always use the final releases from the official repositories in your own code.

## Configuring projects to use Travis and Maven

To allow Travis builds that use Maven artifacts that are not in Maven Central, provide the following
entry into the parent POM:

    <repositories>
      <!-- Define the MultiBit staging repository for snapshots -->
      <repository>
        <id>mbhd-maven</id>
        <url>https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bitcoin-solutions/mbhd-maven/master/snapshots</url>
        <snapshots/>
      </repository>
    </repositories>

The Travis file should look like this:

    language: java
    jdk:
      - oraclejdk7
      - openjdk7

The project README.md should contain a build status indicator like this:

    Build status: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/bitcoin-solutions/project.png?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/bitcoin-solutions/project)

Commit message:

Added update script Updated artifacts

README.md, after:

## MultiBit HD Maven

A Maven staging repository for use with automated build tools.

## DO NOT RELY ON THESE SNAPSHOTS FOR PRODUCTION !

These snapshots are not actively maintained beyond what Bitcoin Solutions developers need for their
immediate purposes. There is no guarantee which branch they were lifted from.

Always use the final releases from the official repositories in your own code.

## Use Ant to quickly update artifacts

First create a `build.properties` file representing your own repo:

    repo=/var/maven/repo

Then run the default target for the `build.xml`, for example:

    $ ant

This will then copy all the relevant artifacts into this repo. Then do the usual git commit and push.

## Configuring projects to use Travis and Maven

To allow Travis builds that use Maven artifacts that are not in Maven Central, provide the following
entry into the parent POM:

    <repositories>
      <!-- Define the MultiBit staging repository for snapshots -->
      <repository>
        <id>mbhd-maven</id>
        <url>https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bitcoin-solutions/mbhd-maven/master/snapshots</url>
        <snapshots/>
      </repository>
    </repositories>

The Travis file should look like this:

    language: java
    jdk:
      - oraclejdk7
      - openjdk7

The project README.md should contain a build status indicator like this:

    Build status: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/bitcoin-solutions/project.png?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/bitcoin-solutions/project)
